So, I need your help in really telling the story, because I've just talked, and you can document what you can kind of document around campus. And so Heritage has started with the vision for making the ancestors proud. And so, part of that was growing up around, and my mother's an educator. And so, I was just, had just been laid off from my job in financial services. And I wanted to start a company. I always wanted to build an organization, you know. I wanted to build a company. I learned about entrepreneurship, and my goal was to build a company. But then I learned about capitalism, like how capitalism really worked. And so, part of the thinking was, I wanted to build a company that would make the ancestors proud, make my ancestors proud. And so, in that, I thought the focus would be on a business that was for Black people of the diaspora, by people of the diaspora. So, of course, that took me to a couple lanes. It took me, you know, with, you know, actually, I started as just a t-shirt company. I was making t-shirts for my high school, people within my high school, you know, reunions, custom t-shirts. And I realized that like a lot of the public schools didn't have, a lot of the public schools didn't have spirit shops. And so, I thought it would be a really cool idea to have spirit shops that were in the public schools that could be student-led, student-ran, student-organized. We would be able to teach entrepreneurial lessons through practical hands-on experience through this spirit shop. And the spirit shop could be online. So, it would be an online store, and you can learn as much as you needed to learn with an online store about business. You could teach business concepts with this online store, and they can actually develop and sell a product. And like, if this could get access to a supply chain, if it could get access to a vendor, then you could just sell your own, you could make your own jerseys, right? Like, the schools could have more control. So, the public school, there's not a lot of, there isn't any infrastructure in the public school system around apparel, because nobody's really, you don't know if people will buy their high school apparel, because there isn't really any major player that's doing it. And so, the organization that creates, right, an online platform that sales and distributes, and that would be the goal. And so, I thought that that would be an interesting model. And so, what happened was, because I was doing it for high schools, then people from colleges started to ask me to do it. And so, I started doing it for college friends. And so, some of my friends went to HBCUs. And so, I did it for HBCUs. And it was like, wow, you know, what would it look like if we could take this kind of thinking with the high school spirit shops, we could take this into HBCUs, like the spirit shops, the co-ops, not the co-ops, I'm sorry, we didn't make it the co-ops yet. The spirit shops would act as a hands-on interactive classroom that they would also be able to sell the apparel, right? And so, we got licensed, right? I wanted to see if that was a viable model, what would that look like? And so, I thought like, man, this is a really great opportunity. This is a good business idea. And what got built into that was, how can we build that as a business? I'm like, man, I put together an entire business plan around, how could we build, how could we attach ourselves to the school spirit shops as a learning, like this would be a learning. They could develop their own products, like Polo put out its own line with Spelman and Morehouse. And it's like, man, what happens if the school has more ownership on that process? How do we get manufacturing? How do we build the manufacturing to be able to do that? And so, that was the test to see what is the business viability of it, right? How would we do it? How would we do it? How could we create it? And so, we started, Heritage Hill started as an attempt to build the supply chain. How could we build the network of suppliers, printers? Like, how could we start on that, right? That was the thought. And so, we got licensed. We got licensed. We got a relationship with Belk. We wanted to learn how to do it. Because what if we could come become the back-end supply chain for historically black colleges and universities? Not only that, just black college apparel, fraternities and sororities, HBCUs. And how do we organize that? And so, we landed on that as a business model. And so, we're like, man, that's a really good business model. That could be, there's viable customers. Then if we could take ownership of the supply chain, because really the thought is that when we create black business ecosystems, we need to acquire supply chains. What is the supply chain that we're in, textile? We could create a textile. We could get a part of a supply chain in textile. We have makers. We have creators. We just need the manufacturing. All right. How does Heritage Hill create the manufacturing for that, right? Or how do we proceduralize and operationalize in a way that makes it equitable for all the parties? And so, that's where it being a co-op made sense. And so, as we started to go along on this journey and learn, like, how do we do this in a way? We learned, like, man, the way to do this is through a co-op, is cooperatives at each stage gate of the process, right? But what did we learn? One of our biggest learnings in that, in funding, how did the funding work? Okay. That's the next phase, how it was funded. That's like the business. Turn into a co-op, multi-stakeholder co-op across multi-supply chains, right? We have a buying customers between the schools. So, we mapped all of that. So, that's the business. So, how did it get funded?

And so no, I want to talk about the funding and so how do you so how do you get started in something like this? And so that's the and so that's the the business model the business model is There's 107 HBCUs there's nine historically black fraternities and sororities and then there's several key Institutions historic institutions throughout the United States, right? And so the question becomes how do how do how does this collective the people who are represented in this collective? Right start there How does this collective of people? acquire Multiple aspects of a supply chain in an industry Right, and so so we have to start thinking like not about starting just individual businesses, but how do we how do we start? organizations, how do we start the organization that Helps to acquire portions of the supply chain Right. And so part of that thinking is okay. There's a silver tsunami. There's a lot of people gonna be retiring How do you create The port the companies and so there's there's buying companies and How do you create the organization that's connected to the pipeline of students going into colleges, right? How do you do that? That's part of it. Is that you want to impact right now? You have buyers you have manufacturers you have designers you have the students that are coming through right so the organization That Does the textile operations for historically black colleges in black colleges, right and that This becomes an initiative to where you say, okay, we need Makers, we need to have domestic. We need to bring domestic manufacturing stateside Textile being one of those things. Okay, that's really expensive and there's there's not it's not a really High margin It's not a high margin and so it maybe it's not directly in like textile Manufacturing but it's in like critical materials Maybe not even critical materials. It could be makers. And so it's some kind of makers cooperative a Makers cooperative that exists where? You have people who represent these communities who can come together make the apparel and Distribute it through online channels and retail partners Right. So how do you fund it? So part of it is funding it And so in order there's a startup cost that exist in this like in order to start this What are the startup costs that exist? Well If you think about you have to have manufacturing So what are the parts of the supply chain? And so if you look at the supply chain for textiles if you did hbcu textiles and you said, okay There is the complete raw manufacturers that exist. These are the cotton producers These are the then you go through the cotton producers, right? The people actually grow the cotton and then you go to those who then spin it and mill it Right, then you have those who then Cut and sew it Then you have those who Um embellish it and so in that in that manufacturing process you have Designers, right? Someone has to then and so someone designs so you have meals and then you have from meals, then you have the um The spin and it's turned into the fabric then the fabric needs to be cut Into the design so you have a design and pattern makers And then the pattern makers they have it cut and sewn into the design and then that design gets embellished or printed then it gets warehouse and then it gets Distributed right has to get distributed. And so all of these has its channels And so you map this out and you say what part of this? Do you acquire what part of this do you build what what capital is needed to start building out This this ecosystem this cooperative ecosystem that exists. These are the businesses that are required You're going to attach them to educational institutions, right? And so they're public private partnerships, but they have to exist So part of that is building that that that needs to be built that doesn't exist at a scale So what does that look like? Where does that strategically go? Right and so part of that is this will go into strategic places that have high density of hbcus right and customers and so atlanta right the atlanta atlanta the atlanta the atlanta district right so you think districts That would exist you'd have to have districts And so one district would be atlanta one district could be in carolina one district existing at dmv And you're looking at these clusters right there has to be a cluster and so one could be like in the Ohio because you have like maybe nashville fifth central state, um will be forcing so it could be in that area like could be and then you could have texas then you could have Louisiana And so we're looking to where we have a hot where we have a concentration of hbcus, right? So that would be strategically where could we put it at? All right, and so the next phase is okay How like we're going to keep going?

And so I have some of this and I have some of this in terms of how like this is how how it would work right and so how would you how would you actually do it like if I had how much would it really cost to do it that's what I'm really thinking about how much would it cost and so in inventory you need let's say you got let's say this is 30 schools so you need inventory you got your inventory costs and so you need apparel designers people who would design the apparel and then you would have and so for us what were our stats you could say what did we do so we did over a five-year let's say an odd five years four-year operational period right I said we did a four-year operational period year one we did 60,000 year two we did 60,000 year two we did maybe 600,000 year three we did 1.2 million year four we did 800,000 by year five we and so that that's the test that was the case study right in this case study how what how big of a facility had we had 8,000 square foot in a facility we had about a team of 20 but that was just work like met workforce facility you know then we needed professional services and so we probably had about you know maybe you need a and so I'm trying to just think about a real team would look like and so let's say if you wanted to if someone wanted to say hey we're going to work with yeah and so part of it is we we we need the money to work on the outreach like we we need I need to get paid someone needs to pay me to work with Morehouse right to work with Morehouse to build out the the the the um like the ecosystem because all I know is what we did we did it as one organization not attached to any school right we didn't have any direct relationship with the school we were just a licensed organization and I'm saying that all of the licensed organizations that are black all of the black licensed companies we should work on a campaign to bring them into a co-op if you're a if you're a licensed organization bring them into a co-op to work directly with the schools right like we work direct and so that building so that may ask them well why would we work with them part of it is that if they cooperate cooperate together we can provide funding and so we become a funder right and the school like we become a like like let's say let's say a patient let's say a patient capital provider like seed commons we take all of the licensed organizations that exist across hbcus and fraternity and sorority and we say we want to acquire we acquire those companies or we bring those companies together we merge and consolidate all the licensees for black college apparel and in consolidating them right like we then that becomes your board those all those founders and so in order to do this work like that's the outreach to hey if you're a licensed if you're interested in being a licensed partner with historically black college universities right this is this is if you already are right we would go and work with those organizations say hey we want to work together and if you guys work together as a co-op we have a funder that'll that that potentially of putting this together and say okay let's all come together what would it take okay it'll take x amount of dollars and so those people still work in their organization they work for the e-commerce company right like they they still do the work like we still need people to ship you know but we consolidate and we say hey how can we then take the 20 of y'all 30 of y'all and bring it under one portfolio one site one inventory management system um like then everybody would have to migrate to the site you'd have to integrate all of their but that's that's part of funding it like funding it would would be bringing everybody together and so um it makes money though right like and so part of it what does it look like that initial startup for bringing everybody together um to form a commission and textile of all the licensed providers right or you know getting an organization that is licensed and then you know then that that's that's probably it i'm just i'm just thinking now

Yeah, so how would I do it, right? How would I do it? I would ask everybody who's a licensee to centralize their warehousing Wherever their stuff is being shipped from, how can we centralize it? So how can we bring everybody into one warehouse? That bringing people into one warehouse creates jobs, at least within that community, right? And so that would be a warehouse. So you say, hey, we need we need a facility. And so you get a centralized facility. Maybe it's 10,000 square feet. Maybe it's... Right. And so all of those people have their stuff shipped there. So they don't have to worry about it. So you have an entire distribution thing for all. So this is everybody who sells. All right, so you have a person making it. So like support, black colleges, like their biggest bottleneck was distribution. You got the school, the Howard School, where people, everything goes to a distribution center, right? And so when people order, the order goes into a centralized station. Something like where everybody's Shopify store goes into like a ship station. And so you can manage, you can still manage your own Shopify store, but I'm saying it would be even better. Yes, so if everybody went to it, they went to a store, and you would get everybody's inventory pictures. You would have to get that migrated all on the one platform. Right? And so part of that is you would have to incentivize folks to say, okay, if you come on one platform, then we'll fund it. And that may mean a person, you know, having their salary paid, right? Like you come under this umbrella and then you get paid a salary and you get shares. You're an owner in the company. You get shares in the company as an owner. And so you get your current company acquired. You come into this organization and you get shares into it. So part of it is that people, you gotta then pay people. You gotta say, okay, you come in and you are the like thing, you know what I mean? So what does the CEO of Black College or a support Black Colleges or the CEO of Legacy History Pride or the CEO of Big Boy, like you have all these people who are running an organization, it makes sense to centralize it and put it on to one, but then you need, it's better if you're only just, if you're only just marketing one platform, because I guess you could market a platform that then kicks people out to another platform, but it would make so much more sense for everybody to consolidate onto one platform. Yeah. And so you would need to have people consolidate on a one platform who are all licensees, right? And then have people who are designers to then, and so then you need, if you have designers, you need a manufacturing network. If you have a manufacturing network, you know, then you need, of course, you need distribution. And so part of it is how, how would you do it? That's one way is to get everybody consolidated on one platform. I'm just now, I'm just thinking it.

So you kind of got an idea of what. So you remember this started with we needed to put together a write-up of just our learnings. And so I think that these are the these all my these are all the learnings that have come from Heritage Hill. Like I didn't have this kind of thinking around building a Cooperative ecosystem in textile, right? Creating a textile manufacturing. And so because there's also a sustainability play here. Where people can donate their old college sweatshirts, t-shirts. People can donate their fraternity shirt, fraternity gear and this stuff can be repurposed back into. Right, that becomes the raw material instead of the cotton. The raw materials is old recycled t-shirts or textile. Recycled textile is the raw material. For what's made. And so that's what I learned in this process. And so we've learned from Carolina Textile District. We've learned from Morehouse College. We've learned from Co-op Cincy. We've learned from Urban Manufacturing Alliance. And so part of all the stuff. I'm just documenting now all these thoughts and ideas are derivatives from the work that we did.

So let's talk about how this could actually work, right? Let's say let's say with it was big let's say it was like 200 million dollars over let's let's not even start with the money let's say how much would it really take we have strategic locations atlanta um maybe rally the dmv ohio valley louisiana texas right so these are the strategic locations and you need a facility right and so you start with the highest concentration of licensees right and so it's atlanta it's most likely atlanta has the highest number of licensees and and so you say okay then we need a space because the go is decentralized and so take the light existing licensees and say we we want to consolidate the digital and non-digital footprints right we want to consolidate warehousing we want to consolidate warehousing for licensees have everybody warehouse all of their merchandise in one location right we also want to be able to do some small batch manufacturing within the warehouse as well and so we need a manufacturing plant for small batch manufacturing we also would need textile recycling right you would need you would need textile recycling equipment and you need people to operate it right and so you need textile recycling equipment you need small batch manufacturing and you need you need warehousing so you need a facility that allows for this to happen those things small batch manufacturing being able to take the textile recycling right and so you need that and so you need recycling to be able to grab recycling turn it into you need a warehouse for that and so all of that can happen in one warehouse which you need a massive space or you start with a piece of the supply chain you say what what part of supply chain can we can we do what can we do and so right now all the makers the licensees exist independently or there's a lot of people who sell who aren't online right who are just getting theirs right and it's like well how do you get more licensees licensed and then get them to say hey we're just going to distribute it and now they become marketers then it really becomes marketers people people are marketing you have people who set up at the games right like you have people who set up at the games and sell like what happens if all the people selling at the games are working for the same company we're all part of a co-op right everybody there is a part of the co-op and like what's the benefit of people doing that well all the people getting their stuff made should get their stuff made from a co-op facility somewhere where their shirts are being printed and made right they just submit their designs they have to submit their designs to the school to get approved anyway through the clc which is okay that's already there that just becomes one centralized facility they're also you attach to this a centralized accounting firm a centralized cfo right where all the people you have accounting now managing and then we're able to say okay we can operationalize this and really get a good number for how much money is really being made that's the real that's the real piece is that getting everybody together so we can really understand the magnitude of the business because everybody that's the work is getting everybody cooperative that's the real work that is the work reaching out to organizations licensed organizations and organizing and getting them to say hey here's how we're going to do it we're going to consolidate everybody under and so ordering from a co-op where you get your shirts made from get them made for us if you get them made for us can we do it at the same price that people do it for internationally right people are making them themselves and going to sell and making their own money then paying their thing like why would they join the co-op and part of it is people are only really buying college apparel for homecoming and so is it a business that's viable throughout the entire year and so that's that's the part is is it a real business and that's why the students and so the students can be a part of it right the students so part of it is getting students and so you probably could have a small batch manufacturing facility for students small batch manufacturing facility for students that work for a co-op that has a license the co-op has a license so you start an organization so what you do is you probably start an organization you get licensed with the organization the organization carries a license okay

Okay, so I think that if somebody paid me, let's say $150,000 a year, there's probably a lot. Let's say it was $120,000 a year. Just take that. And I went and I got licensed. I said, Hey, I'm a licensed. And I'll go. I'll go start a co op. We got a co op already started. I'll go get the license for 30 schools, not even 30 schools. I go get the license for a cluster of schools. It's got to be in Atlanta. In Atlanta, I go get a license for Morehouse film and Clark, Atlanta, FAMU, Florida Memorial, fish Grambling, Southern I will get a license, right? Let's say each of those licenses are $200 and so we'll get a license for each one of those schools. That's too many schools it has to be with, like Morehouse salesman Clark, Atlanta, it'll be down in the AUC. Then what I would do, I would approach Morehouse Spellman Clark, I would approach the AUC and say, Hey, I have a program for students in your organization, right? If they want to create merchandise for Morehouse Spellman and Clark, we have a license. They can create it at that point. We need, we need supplies for the students to be able to make it. We could use our supply chains at that point, right? We could go to like a so Valley. We could then say, Okay, how much would it cost within the manufacturer you 1000 units, 1000 units. And so then, if they manufacture 1000 units per school, and they were able to make $150 off of every unit. And they sold 1000 units per school, 1000 for Clark, 1000 for Spelman, 1000 and I worked with a student, and we said that that was a co op. They were a member of the co op. They joined. How does the co op make money? Right? How does it make money? How much money does it make for that year. Like, how much money does it make for that year? How many shares? Like, what? What is the real model of it? Like, how does it really work? But that's it. Like, Heritage Hill acquires licenses. To get a license with Morehouse mailman, with more house mailman, I Yeah, Morehouse, down in Clark, you get a license, plus me, you don't got to pay the student. And so once it's made, it needs to get shipped. You just need a facility. You just need a space. You just space for that year. You probably can find a space from the school. And so what you were saying is, like they could make it, they would make it in the baker space. How much money would it make? That's the part we got to do, maybe 150 1000 1000 that's 15,015 30 to 45,000, it doesn't even pay my salary for the year, and so we would have to sell more units. So really, in order to pay Z, you so that's what it is they have to pay my salary. And like, do they make anything? We either have to sell more units or we have to sell for a higher price flat out, that's the only way it works. So how many units do we need to sell in order to net with cost? Let's say our fixed cost is $250,000 the big fixed cost probably not even really what our fixed cost is. A fixed cost is me, right. Here's the shield carrier shields. Fixed cost will be me 80 grand. Let's see if me. Let's say they pay me 80 grand. That's not enough to work in Atlanta. It's got to be like one 220 grand. 120 grand. You. And how can we make that 120 brand back, right? How can we make it back? Steve comments, take my salary. I'll do the work. I it need a license, and then we pay it back in the form of the loan. We get students to help. We give a stipend for the students or the students during the co op. What's in it for the students you it, because it's got to be sustainable with the loan, you know, and so we need at least 83 years. We need at least $250,000 right? That's over three years. And so we would have to do it at different schools. We would have to do it at Morehouse. We'd have to do it at we'd have to do it at the cluster. We would do it at each of those clusters. The agency that would be that would be in each each student cluster. And so we get a couple students from each and each we'll get a license for each of those clusters. And so we'll list out all those clusters. How many schools is that? What school are those? Because then what the school needs help with, what we really need help with is warehousing, so let's say we did, let's say we did Spellman Clark. Let's say we did Spellman Clark, Morehouse. Spellman Clark, Morehouse, I Dillard, Dillard southern Grambling State, Prairie View, Texas, Southern i The Carolina, the DMV, Ohio Valley, and like, we put out a call for students, for HBCU students to be a part of this, right? We put out a call for HBCU students to be a part of this, and so we would get licensed, and we will pay for the initial rightful unit. And it's 1000 units. It's going to go. Here is your website. They're going to design it. They're going to come up with a plan to market it. They'll be able to put on an event at their school. People are going to pay for tickets. And each year we do it. Each year, we can work with Carolina textile district to get it recycled. It could be a campaign for recycling. You I think that's how we do. I I got COVID inside me. Chase, like she hired you. I think that's a good again, just thoughts, getting thoughts on paper.

One thing that we want to talk about is what would be the funding mechanism that allows this to work because being able to evaluate the economic and commercial success of a community-based business is different than a traditional profit first um corporation and so what is it and so we know that inside of our current economic system that labor competes with capital and so we probably would cite something like that we know that labor competes with capital and so how do we fund this and so this is something else that we wanted to understand what would be the current funding this you know what would be the what would be what would it take to fund this what would be how would it be funded like what is what is the nature what is the capital stack what is the successful capital stack look like in funding community-based organizations how do we what's the composition of funding on community-based initiatives at scale for let's just call it for like one million dollars and above let's say for one million dollars and above community-based businesses being able to do one like what what would it take and we're talking particularly in and so this is a model for and so of course this is a particular model and framework for HBCU Divine 9 right like our focus is on this but we think that focusing in on existing communities and and players that exist within supply chains is a path forward for creating a more equitable business ecosystem right like how do you focus on the industry and then aggregate the businesses for a particular industry right that becomes a focal right that becomes a focal point and then again using large natural language processing or large language models generative AI in order to accelerate that right so I'm just talking about things that we can go that we learned out of it but these are just I'm just giving the general just giving more information